README.md, before:

# Armbian

Ubuntu/Debian images for ARM based single-board computers
http://www.armbian.com

## How to build my own image or kernel?

**Preparation**

- x86/x64 machine running any OS; 4G ram, SSD, quad core (recommended),
- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) or similar virtualization software **(highly recommended with a minimum of 20GB hard disk space for the virtual disk image)**,
- alternatively - [Docker](https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib/pull/255#issuecomment-205045273), [systemd-nspawn](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-nspawn.html) or other containerization software. Using Xenial build host inside containers is **highly recommended**,
- compilation environment is **highly recommended** to be [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/xenial-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) (other releases are **not officially supported** but [Ubuntu Trusty 14.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/trusty-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) might still work),
- installed basic system, OpenSSH and Samba (optional),
- superuser rights (configured `sudo` or root shell).

**Execution**
	
	apt-get -y install git
	git clone https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib --depth 1
	cp lib/compile.sh .
	./compile.sh
	
This will download all necessary sources, execute compilation and/or build a bootable image. Most of things will be cached so next run will be extremely faster!

## How to change kernel configuration?

Edit `compile.sh` and set

	KERNEL_CONFIGURE="yes"

to display kernel configuration menu prior to compilation

More info:

- [Documentation](http://www.armbian.com/using-armbian-tools/)
- [Prebuilt images](http://www.armbian.com/download/)
- [Support forums](http://forum.armbian.com/ "Armbian support forum")
- [Project at Github](https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib)

Commit message:

start new ver (merg 20170113) S905 fix

README.md, after:

# Armbian

Ubuntu and Debian images for ARM based single-board computers
http://www.armbian.com

## How to build my own image or kernel?

Supported build environments:

- [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/xenial-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) guest inside a [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) or other virtualization software,
- [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/xenial-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) guest managed by [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/). This uses Virtualbox (as above) but does so in an easily repeatable way. Please check the [Armbian with Vargant README](https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib/blob/master/README-Vagrant.md) for a quick start HOWTO,
- [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/xenial-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) inside a [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), [systemd-nspawn](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-nspawn.html) or other container environment [(example)](https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib/pull/255#issuecomment-205045273). Building full OS images inside containers may not work, so this option is mostly for the kernel compilation,
- [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/xenial-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) running natively on a dedicated PC or a server,
- [Ubuntu Trusty 14.04 x64](http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/trusty-updates/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso) may still be used for the kernel compilation but it is not recommended,
- **20GB disk space** or more and **2GB RAM** or more available for the VM, container or native OS,
- superuser rights (configured `sudo` or root access).

**Execution**

	apt-get -y install git
	git clone https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib --depth 1
	cp lib/compile.sh .
	./compile.sh

You will be prompted with a selection menu for a build option, a board name, a kernel branch and an OS release. Please check the documentation for [advanced options](https://docs.armbian.com/Developer-Guide_Build-Options/) and [additional customization](https://docs.armbian.com/Developer-Guide_User-Configurations/).

Build process uses caching for the compilation and the debootstrap process, so consecutive runs with similar settings will be much faster.

## How to change a kernel configuration?

Edit `compile.sh` and set

	KERNEL_CONFIGURE="yes"

or pass this option as a command line parameter like

    ./compile.sh KERNEL_CONFIGURE=yes

to display the kernel configuration menu during the compilation process

More info:

- [Documentation](http://www.armbian.com/using-armbian-tools/)
- [Prebuilt images](http://www.armbian.com/download/)
- [Support forums](http://forum.armbian.com/ "Armbian support forum")
- [Project at Github](https://github.com/igorpecovnik/lib)
